Given a usage profile consisting of:
*Expected consumption of 1) voice minutes
			 2) SMSes
			 3) mobile data

Select a single service provider (Cell C/Vodacom/MTN/Telkom Mobile, etc.) and use the information to calculate and print out the cost it would incur for both prepaid and postpaid (contract) users. 
Also, when considering different contracts, use the LG Nexus 5 as a common point, to compare.



Cell C prepaid rates - call rates : 99c per minute with per second billing at less than 2c per second
		     - data rates : 99c per MB or various range of bundles priced at 15c per MB
		     - sms rates  :

Cell C infinity prepaid - R999 once off
			- unlimited calls to local networks
			- 1000 local smses
			- 1GB data
			- expires at midnight after 30 days of purchase


1) Get the input from the user, i.e. usage profile.
2) Using the LG Nexus 5 is a common point, find different contracts available from a specific network provider.
3) Compute whether it would be more affordable for the person to get the phone on contract or to purchase it prepaid.
3a) Computation can be done the following way:	1) Workout the price that the total amount of voice minutes, SMS's and mobile data spent
						   would procure in a month; using the standard prepaid rates provided.
						2) Add these amounts together and multiply them by 24 (24 months = 2 years). Then add the price of the
						   Samsung S4 mini (R4281.32). This is the price it would take to get the phone on prepaid.
						3) Deduce whether the amount of voice minutes spent is less than the amount of voice minutes given
						   by a particular contract offering the same phone. Do the same for SMSes and mobile data spent.
						4) If the spent amounts of any of the 3 exceeds the amount given by the contract, workout the remainding
						   amounts and the price it would take to pay for those remaining values.
						5) Add that price to the price of the contract per month multiplied by 24. This is
						   the price it would take to get the phone on contract (postpaid price).
						6) Workout the cheaper option between the prepaid and postpaid routes.
						
						
